//Introduction	3Purpose	3Scope	3RASCI Matrix	3TCNP.01.01 Protocol Call Signs	5TCNP.01.02 Prerequisites	8TCNP.01.03 Responsibilities	11TCNP.01.04 Operations Procedures	13TCNP.01.05 Journey Management (Tango Oscar)	16TCNP.01.06 Airport Operations Management (Alpha Oscar)	22TCNP.01.07 Nest Management (November Oscar)	Error! Bookmark not defined.TCNP.01.08 Principal Management (Delta Oscar)	28TCNP.01.09 Theatre Management (Victor Oscar)	32TCNP.01.10 Equipment & Tools Management (Echo Oscar)	36TCNP.01.11 Coordinate Operations (Command Centre)	38TCNP.01.12 Welfare	40TCNP.01.13 Miscellaneous and Contingency Plans	41IntroductionPurposeThe purpose of this document is to have a baseline standard with procedures and post instructions that/Document HistoryVersionDatePurposeReviewers1.02018NewKachi EkeObadayo FagadaGodsgift UmukoroUche Ukwute1.02021UpdateUche UkwuteKachi EkeIdKey changesPageAll C3P & Covenant Christian Center references changed to TCNP & The Covenant Nation respectivelyNameTitleGodsgift UmukoroCommand CenterSeun AdaramolaDeputy, Head of DepartmentUbong NkantaDeputy, Head of DepartmentStanley AchoHead of Department4TCNP.01.01Protocol Call SignsObjective (Purpose)To ensure that communications on all operations are secureBenefits1.  Discreet management of sensitive information related to operationsKEY RISKSKEY CONTROLSSensitive information may be accessed by unauthorized personsPrincipals may be put in danger due to compromised communicationDisruption	of	operations	due	to information compromiseTeam lead Command center ensures information is disseminated using approved call signsCRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORSKEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORSGood knowledge of approved protocol call signsKnowledge of relevant support teams and department heads (Ushering, Traffic, Sound, Word2Media etc.)Availability of relevant digital communication & tracking tools (Life360, Google maps, WhatsApp etc.)Timeliness of reportingInstant dissemination of informationZero error rateINPUTSOUTPUTSGlossary of approved call signsEncoded communicationSummaryThis entails the approved call signs for relevant officers, stakeholders and principal officers relevant to the smooth conduct of all operations with minimal interference from non-membersTCNP.01.01	Protocol Call Signs	Glossary of Call signsProf : Senior PastorDuchess : Senior Pastor’s WifeTCNP: The Covenant Nation Protocol Department/ UnitCaptain: the head of department of TCNPHOD: the head of department of protocol unit of The Covenant NationHOP: Head of operation. Protocol member responsible for overseeing an entire operation.Tango Oscar (TO): the transport officer saddled with the responsibility of overseeing vehicular adequacy.Echo Oscar (EO): the equipment officer saddled with the responsibility of ensuring all tools/ equipment are optimally functionalVictor Oscar (VO): the venue officer responsible for smooth operations at the venue of any programNovember Oscar (NO): the nest officer responsible for flawless reception at the hotelsAlpha Oscar (AO): the Eagle Square officer(s) responsible for flawless reception at the Eagle SquaresDeltas (DO): Details assigned to guests for an eventPapa(s)/ Mama(s): the guest minister(s) for any programTheatre: Any of the church locationsDen: the main church loungeMount Sinai: the pulpitNest: the hotel(s) where guests are to be accommodatedCave: the hotel room(s) assigned for any movementEagle Square: the eagle square where the aircraft(s) would be landingEagle: the aircraft used as means of transportationCheetah: the vehicle for transporting guestsTCNP.01.01	Protocol Call Signs	Tango Uniform: the traffic unit of The Covenant NationMike Uniform: the media unit of The Covenant NationSchool: the church office of The Covenant NationETA: the estimated time of arrival for any movementETD: the estimated time of departure for any movementTCNP.01.02Prerequisites/Objective (Purpose)To outline the prerequisites for all protocol officersBenefitProfessional disposition at all timesUniform appearance of all officersUniform experience during all operationsOwnershipHead of OperationsKEY RISKSKEY CONTROLSOfficers / new recruits may be unaware of the expectations of the teams/ departmentUnit Head – Training ensures periodic communications of the baseline standards and expectations of all protocol officersProcess Attributes:Frequency	AdhocNumber of Persons involved: All officersCRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORSKEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORSGood knowledge of the prerequisites for the departmentOptimal performanceINPUTOUTPUTTrainingsProfessional DispositionSummaryThe involves the various requirements for all protocol officers to ensure a projection of a professional image at all timesTCNP.01.02	Prerequisites	EtiquettePersonal GroomingIt is expected of all Protocol Members to maintain decent haircut/styleIt is expected of all POs to be well manicured and pedicuredIt is expected of all POs to maintain good personal hygieneDress CodeDress code is as determined for each eventEach member SHALL have the minimum specified numbers On-duty apparelsOn-duty apparels are to be the same type and kind and made by approved TCNP stylistsApparels shall include comfortable black shoes for all POsHeavy jewelry is unacceptableMake-up SHALL be moderate for all female POsApparels SHALL be clean at all timesCommunicationAll POs SHALL know the VISION OF THE COVENANT NATIONAll POs SHALL enunciate the VISION precisely and concisely without ambiguitiesAll POs SHALL enunciate the fundamentals of the CHRISTIAN FAITH as believed in C3 without ambiguitiesAll POs SHALL enunciate the VISION of the program preciselyAll POs SHALL maintain good communications skills in relation to operationsAll external communications shall be through the HOD via team leaders and line communication maintainedOperationsArrival Routine ChecklistCheetahVanity PacksAir Fresheners (in each Cheetah)TorchUmbrellas and rain Coats (Rainy Season)Cooling Bags (1 in each Cheetah)Communication Radios (as required)Program BrochuresAppropriate Music CDMints and Sweets (Suitably placed for Principals)Water (Minimum 2 bottles)Soda (3 different bottles)Departure Routine ChecklistCheetahVanity Pack (Hankerchiefs, Sanitizers, Mirrors)TorchUmbrellas and rain Coats (Rainy Season)Air Fresheners (in each Cheetah)TCNP.01.02	Prerequisites	Cooling Bags (1 in each Cheetah)Communication Radios (as required)Program BrochuresAppropriate Music CDMints and Sweets (Suitably placed for Papas’)Water (Minimum 2 bottles)Soda (3 different bottles)Hospitality Routine ChecklistTCNP.01.03Responsibilities/ObjectiveTo identify the personnel that have primary roles in the SOP and describe how their responsibilities relate to this SOPBenefits  Sound understanding of Oscar rolesKEY RISKSKEY CONTROLThe Officers may be unaware of their core responsibilities during operationsProgram schedule may be disrupted due to poor coordinationHead of Operations ensures all officers are well appraised of their roles and responsibilitiesHead of Operations liaises with command center to ensure timely communication/ analysis of critical information which may impact on the operationsCRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORSKEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORSAccess to information from relevant stakeholdersComplete and accurate record of the Unit’s activitiesAvailability of relevant resources for operations (equipment, tools, etc.)Zero error rateGood understanding of assigned responsibilitiesTimely dissemination of operation critical information to all stakeholdersINPUTSOUTPUTInformation from all stakeholdersExecuted OperationSummaryThe involves the clear description of the core competencies of different personnel for smooth operationsTCNP.01.03	Responsibilities	DescriptionHOD: She / he is responsible for overall co-ordination, communication with Double Papa and School.TO: Tango Oscar is responsible for ensuring that the required numbers of Cheetahs are available and in good condition with prerequisites for Cheetah available and appropriate. She/he would co-ordinate the drivers, get route information and design route mapping as required. The TO may drive the utility vehicle serving as back-up vehicle.EO: Echo Oscar is responsible for all communication equipment/ lighting aid and their optimal functionality during and after all routinesNO: November Oscars are responsible for ensuring that the keys are collected, the rooms pre-checked and assigned correctly and ensuring the Papa’s are checked in to the appropriately reserved rooms. They would also be the welcoming team at the Nest and providing refreshement / hospitality at the Theatre.VO: Victor Oscars are responsible for ensuring that the seating arrangements are gotten from the appropriate quarters. They would also ensure that everything required for seamless operation at Theatre is in place and co-ordinate with Deltas to ensure that pre-arranged seating arrangements is maintained. They would co-ordinate with Tango Uniform to ensure seamless arrival and departures. They would ensure appropriateness of various event facilities like toilets, VIP lounges. They would also liaise with Mike Uniform to ensure that the microphones and other media equipment are ready and available as required. They would ensure seamless operation at the venues.AO: Alpha Oscars are responsible for flight information. They would co-ordinate arrangements with security agencies in conjunction with the HOD at the Eagle Square to receive Papas. They would ensure that Papas bags and baggage are tagged appropriately at the Eagle Square.DO: Deltas Oscars are protocol officers attached to principals during an operation.TCNP.01.04Operations Procedures/ObjectiveTo outline the steps to perform this procedure (who, what, when, where, why, how).Benefits1.  Flawless execution of operationsKEY RISKSKEY CONTROLSAlpha Oscars may not be available for receiving guests at the Eagle SquareAvailable cheetahs may not be sufficient for conveying Principals and luggagePapas may not be well received or Caves inadequate for PapaPapas may miss scheduled flights due to trafficArrivals/ Departures to/from Eagle’s Square, caves and Theatres may bemarred by delaysCommand center coordinates communication between all AOs, DOs, TOs, NOs and VOs to ensure timely dissemination of operations critical informationCRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORSKEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORSGood understanding of the responsibilities of all OscarsAccess to updated information from command centerAvailability of armed security escortsTimely reception and conveyance of principalsZero error rateINPUTSOUTPUTInformation from the School/ Command centerFlawless operationFive-star reception of Papas/ Mamas at all TouchpointsSummaryThe process details the responsibilities and expectations for all teams to ensure smooth operationsTCNP.01.04	Operations Procedures	Arrival RoutinesGet flight information 1 week before arrival by HOD/ AOAll arrival routine arrangements with SSS & FAAN should be concretized 24Hrs to ETA by HOD/AOTO would co-ordinate with HOD/AO to ensure that the required Cheetah(s)/ pilot Cheetah(s)are available at least 24Hrs to ETAAO/HOD would confirm from appropriate ODS at the Eagle Square on the immigration formalities arrangement 12Hrs and further 6Hrs to ETAAOs are to arrive at the Eagle Square at least 2Hrs to ETA and familiarize themselves withthe routine and confirm actual ETA from Eagle Square/airline authorities, Eagle Square facilities and personnel involved in ensuring seamless operation and ensure all prerequisites (radios) are functionalTO would ensure orientation of drivers & escorts and route arrangement are coordinated 1Hrsto ETA and ensure that pre-requisites are in place for CheetahOn landing of Eagle, AO would ensure all arrangements are intact (Immigration formalities and coordinate with TO on transportation)On reception of Papas, AO would coordinate bag/baggage tagging at the arrival lounge andcommunicate for transportHand luggageHospitality RoutineNOs are to be at the Nest at least 30mins to ETA of EagleNO would confirm with School on the arrangements for NestNO would communicate with AO to confirm Eagle’s landingNO would coordinate (check cleanliness etc.) Caves for Papas and confirm same to AO for tagging (bags and baggage) purposesNO would ensure Biscuits are placed in Caves on Eagles landingAO would communicate to NO, transport at intervalsAO would communicate to NO, on approach for positioningAO would ensure positioning on receipt of information from AONOs are responsible for reception of Papas at NestDeltas are to ensure their Papas bags/ baggage are delivered to the appropriate CavesNO/ HOD would always confirm if further assistance is requiredEvent RoutinesVOs and Deltas shall be at Theatre and Nest respectively 45mins to program commencement to pray and for briefingHOD shall communicate to Deltas ETD for TheatreTO would communicate Cheetah arrangement to Deltas 30mins to program commencementVO shall communicate seating arrangement, entry points, confirm protocol lounge and convenience facilities (primarily for hygiene)VO shall communicate to Deltas routine at arrival (proceeding to theatre or protocol lounge)TCNP.01.04	Operations Procedures	Deltas shall communicate departure from Nest to VO and ETA to Theatre and request entry assistanceVOs are to ensure seamless entry and assist in reception of Papas at TheatreVO is RESPONSIBLE for appropriate SEATING ARRANGEMENTVOs are to ensure seat reservation for DeltasVO shall coordinate departure in liaison with TO and ensure seamless departureDeparture RoutineTCNP.01.05Journey Management (Tango Oscar)/ObjectiveBenefitsTo outline the acceptable standards of operations which impact on transportation principals during operationsRobust agreement with 3rd party vendorsKEY RISKSKEY CONTROLSHigh risk vendors may be contractedVendors may not be aware of their requirementsFaulty cheetahs may be deployedDelta Oscars may not be aware of route conditionCommand centre may not be aware of principal location at all timesVendor selection is prioritized and reviewed and vendors reviewed annuallyService Level agreements are drawn up and signed by all partiesTeam lead – Tango Oscar performs route audit prior to all operationsAll DOs are tracked via GPS and situation reportsCRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORSKEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORSGood	understand	of	Tango	Oscar requirementsService level agreementsAccess	to	GPS	tracker	and	secured communication appsSeamless transit of principals to/ fro theatresINPUTSOUTPUTService level agreementsRoute audit reportSuccessful transportation of principalsSummaryThe process details the responsibilities and expectations for Tango Oscars to ensure safe and seamless transportation of principals during operationsTCNP.01.05	Journey Management (Tango Oscar)	Operational Level AgreementAll cheetahs must have a mileage not exceeding 35,000milesSituation reports must be given every 15minsDelta Oscars shall obtain confirmation of vehicle inspection before each operationTCNP.01.05Journey Management (Tango Oscar)/ACTIVITIES/Responsibility  Task	StepTeam lead – Tango OscarTeam Lead – Tango OscarVendor SelectionVehicle InspectionIdentify suitable vendors for provision of cheetahs and other assets for journey managementEngage vendors via Request for Information (RFI)Obtain and review RFIs from vendors based on the following criteria;Organization historySafety record/ CapabilitiesCatalogue of carsSecurity protocolsOther	key	details	as	may	be communicated from Captain/ ProfShortlist preferred vendors and schedule meetings with vendorEngage selected vendor via Request for Proposals (RFP). RFP shall contain;Previous OperationsCompany policiesTeam membersCertificationsPricingInsurance policyOther key detailsObtain and review proposals from selected vendorsIf satisfactory, draw up a service level agreement (SLA) to be signed by vendor, school and TCNP. Proceed to 1.9Otherwise, reject RFP to vendor highlighting aspects for renegotiationObtain sign-off of all parties on the SLA document.Forward copies to all parties for safe custodyNote: Vendor selection and SLA sign-off shall be reviewed AnnuallyONE (I) MONTH TO OPERATIONNotify vendor of need for cheetahs for operations stating the following;Date/ Duration of OperationsNumber of cheetahs requiredCheetah PreferencesReceive contract proposal with list of available cheetahs from vendorsReview list to identify suitable cheetahsNegotiate pricing/ logistics with vendorsSign-off	contract	agreement	for	designated operationsNote: Alternative arrangement from other accredited vendors must be on standby for all operationsTCNP.01.05Journey Management (Tango Oscar)/Responsibility  Task	Step48HRS TO OPERATIONSchedule vehicle inspection for all selected cheetahsConduct	vehicle	inspection	using	the	following checklist;F - Fuel; ascertain fuel consumptionL - Light; Ensure all lights are functioning/ blown bulbs are replacedO - Oil level; Confirm Oil levels are optimalW - Water: Ascertain water consumption and check for leaks. Confirm windshield washer fluid is availableE - Electrics; Ensure the car does not have any electrical faults and batteries are optimal. Run car in stationary position to ascertain performanceR – Rubber; Ensure tyres are within their stipulated shelf life and correctly pressurizedSign-off the vehicle inspection attestation form which should contain the following cheetah description;Vehicle Name/ ModelRegistration detailsMileage (max. 35,000miles)Team Lead – Tango Oscar/ Command CentreEVERY MORNING DURING OPERATIONSRepeat  vehicle  inspection  using  the  ‘FLOWER’checklistUpdate vehicle inspection attestation form with the following details;Drivers’ nameDrivers’ Phone numberDrivers’ AddressCar ConditionNote: Physical condition of the car shall be recorded before and after each days’ operationsRoute Audit	3.1	Receive notification of the Nest details from NovemberOscarReceive details for theatres for each operationsReview all routes to & from Nest/ Theatres to identify the following;Road conditionPotholes/ DiversionsAlternative routesSafe havens/ Extraction pointsDetour points (for route change)ETA in normal conditionsETA in Traffic situationsTraffic ConditionsResolution steps for road incidents i.e. accidents, fire, car breakdown etc.Complete a route audit reportCommunicate findings to Captain and jointly ascertain preferred routes in normal / traffic conditionsTCNP.01.05Journey Management (Tango Oscar)/Responsibility  Task	Step3.7	Communicate preferred routes to Delta Oscars Note: Friendly agreements must be established with safe havensDelta Oscars	4.	PrincipalTransitsReceive briefing of transit arrangements at least 24hrs before scheduled departure timeArrive Nest at least 30mins before scheduled departure timeCommunicate trip details to Principal using script in the Appendix below.Give trip situation reports to command centre every 15mins using the following codes;First Course – Departure from Nest to TheatreDessert – Departure from Theatre to NestCocktail – Principal In-transitBlue Cocktail – Mild trafficRed cocktail – Heavy TrafficRe-order – Route ChangeChapman – Arrival at Theatre gateAppendixNote:In event of road incidents, Principal shall be evacuated with his security DO & security detail. However, an armed officer shall remain with the affected cheetah.Principal must not be exposed in transit except all vehicles are immobilizedDelta  Oscar  shall  escalate  all  road  incidents  tocommand centre using the distress code “Broken Arrow”PRINCIPAL BRIEFING SCRIPTGood morning sir/ma, How are you today?We will be leaving for 	 shortly.Our preferred route is 	 and ETA is 	However, our travel details may be changed due to traffic feedback from the Hub. Thank you.TCNP.01.05	Journey Management (Tango Oscar)	SITUATION REPORT SCRIPTDeparture from NestDelta (Principal’s name) First Course, ETA 	Departure from TheatreTCNP.01.06Airport Operations Management (Alpha Oscar)/ObjectiveTo outline the acceptable standards of operations which impact the arrival, departure and overall airport experience of guests.BenefitsKEY RISKSKEY CONTROLSGuests may not be adequately prepared for trips as relating to visas, passport validity, currency limits, export and import restrictions.Airport authorities may change logistic rules and guidelines at short notice.Guests may Experience delays relating to baggage, customs or security which may impact ministration or meeting plans.Delta and Tango Oscars may have trouble reaching the AO personnel.Guest checklist to be prepared by Alpha Oscar in partnership with Command Centre to ensure that guests have all required documentation. May also include weather information for guest preparation.Weekly visits to Eagle Square to ascertain prevailing logistic rules and proffer mitigating procedures.At least one AO to be in consistent contact with the Command Centre to ensure all related teams are updated. One AO to be with principalalways after arrivalCRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORSKEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORSCultivate excellent relationships with various levels of airport officials and security operatives.Engagement of the right consultants/agents within and outside the airport to facilitate and ease visa,baggage and/or customs issues.Seamless transit of principals to & fro theatresINPUTSOUTPUTPre-arrival and pre-departure checklists for guests.Airport logistics audit reportsSuccessful transportation of principals from Eagle Square to NestsTCNP.01.06Airport Operations Management (Alpha Oscar)/SummaryThe process details the responsibilities and expectations for Alpha Oscars to ensure safe, quick and seamless arrival, departure and airport logistics process for all papas and mamas.Operational RequirementsThere must be at least two AOs at Eagle Square to manage Papa/Mama experience.Charged, internet enabled telephones for seamless communication with Command Centre, DOs, TOs and NOs.Cover full airport logistic bases such as pick-up cheetah parking points, relationship with airport officials and updated flight plan or airport delays.ActivitiesResponsibility  Task	StepTeam lead – Alpha	Oscar and designated AOsPre-Operation ChecksIdentify the relevant personnel and authorities within Eagle Square to foster good relationships with. Either directly or through agencies and partner organizations.Weekly visits to Eagle Square before the events to be upgraded to a minimum of bi-weekly within a month to event. Visits will be to ascertain logistical requirements, new developments and overall aspects that could impact papas and mamas.Prepare, obtain and review pre-arrival checklists for all papas and mamas as it relates to arrival, departures and airport logistics. This will be done in partnership with Command Centre, Captain, HOP and Secretariat.Team Lead – Alpha Oscar and assigned AOs.During OperationArrivalEnsure adherence of all AOs to the briefing script as approved by Captain and HOP.Dress-code, appearance and personal hygiene should be strictly as required and recommended for the operationsDevices, telephones, radios and communication apps should be used to update all relevant teams as agreed with Command Centre for Specific operation.One AO to have emergency contact lists covering visa, customs, immigrations etc along with partnering Dos and TOs.Only pre-approved clearance and welcome processes should be used. Emergency changes if required should be confirmed through command centre to HOP and Captain.Cheetah parking and pick-up points to be checked and approved daily BEFORE every operation.TCNP.01.06Airport Operations Management (Alpha Oscar)/Responsibility  Task	Step/TCNP.01.07Nest Management (November Oscar)/ObjectiveBenefitsTo outline the acceptable standards of operations, which impact on accommodating principals upon their arrival at the nestKEY RISKSKEY CONTROLSPoorly maintained hotel may be usedHotel may have faulty systems which could delay check inFaulty cheetahs may be deployedHotel selection is prioritized and recommendations made to CaptainNecessary accessories are purchased and used by NO to ensure the rooms meet our hospitality standardsRooms and Hotels are checked well ahead of the event to ensure they are suitable for our guestsAll DOs are to elicit feedback from their papas on quality of their stay so necessary actions can be taken on timeCRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORSKEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORSGood understanding of November Oscar requirementsAttention to detail to make adjustments when necessaryGood rapport with Hotel management to ensure quality treatment of our guestsSeamless check-in of guestsLack of complaint about the rooms or stay from the papasSeamless completion of N.O. checklistINPUTSOUTPUTHotel room improvement accessories (flowers, cleaning agents etc.)Uneventful	check	in	and	check	out	of principalsSummaryThe process details the responsibilities and expectations for November Oscars to ensure smooth check in and pleasant stay of principals during operations.TCNP.01.07	Nest Management (November Oscar)	Protocol Check-in ProceduresResponsibleTimelinesProtocol officer for the airport must confirm visa status (if international guest) and if visa is needed and has not been processed, confirm whether avisa -on -arrival will be done.HOD - AO2 weeks before arrivaldateProtocol officer for the airport must confirm immigration status (if international guest), and what is required at checkpoint and arrival lounge24 hours before arrival.HOD- AO24 HoursGuest hotel reservation must be confirmed by Church office/HOD to protocol 24 hours before arrival:HOD- CC24 HoursAll checks in Hotel must be done by assigned protocol officer six hours before arrival of guests.NO6 Hoursbefore Guest arrivesAssigned N.O. officer must tick all questions on the comfort checklist.NO5 Hoursbefore Guest arrivesProtocol officer at airport to confirm arrival of guest to assigned NO (N.O. must follow up to ensure they have this information) and give updates on time of arrival at the Nest.AO / NOProtocol officer at the Hotel must be on standby to receive guest.NOTime of Arrival atNestUpon arrival of the principal, assigned protocol officer should collect the guest’s means of identification and complete check-in.NOTime of Arrival atNestFor domestic guests checking into a hotel, at least one protocol officer must be at the hotel to receive them and complete the check-in process. If the guest checks-in earlier than anticipated, the DO or NO should reach outto the guest and welcome them.NO /DOTime of Arrival at NestOnly the assigned protocol officer (and one N.O.) should go with the guest into his / her room. Welcome packs, SIM card (if approved), room key and wifi password, should then be handed to the guest. Gifts from churchshould be placed at a visible point in the room.DO / NOArrival at caveFor domestic guests (not checking into a hotel) 2 protocol officers should receive them with a handshake/courtesy and hand them over to church/Pastor.DOsTime of Arrival at TheatreThe guest’s checkout date should be confirmed. The assigned protocol officer must confirm the guest’s flight time and time of arrival at theairport for departure. If a late checkout is required, it should be requested for, at least, 24hours before the departure date.DO/NO24 hours to departureDepending on the number of the entourage with a principal, 1or 2 protocol officers (one assigned to guest, the second to complete check in) maybe required to oversee receiving the guests and settling them in their rooms. A ratio of 1:1 or 2:3, protocol office to guests, may be used as a guide.TCNP.01.07	Nest Management (November Oscar)	Comfort ChecklistYesNoWhat floor is the booked room located?Are there any safety concerns with the room?Are there any health-related concerns with the room?Does the room and floor have a pleasant smell?Is the room well ventilated?Is the air-conditioning functioning?Are the conveniences clean and functional?Is the water pressure from the shower and faucet right?Is the water pressure in the lavatory appropriate?Does the hotel provide internet services that work?Is the mini-bar stocked?Have you checked the closets for left overs?Is there welcome note from the church available?Has every accessory e.g. flowers and welcome pack for the guests been placed in the room?Is room service available for the guests?Can food be brought into the hotel?Does the room/hotel speak excellence (stains, smells, ambiance and reputation)?Any other comments/ observations?N/AN/ATCNP.01.08Principal Management (Delta Oscar)/ObjectiveTo outline the acceptable standards of operations, which impact on assisting and guiding principals throughout the operationBenefitsKEY RISKSKEY CONTROLSPrincipal is late and ill- informedPrincipal is poorly treated and leaves with a bad impression of churchPastor’s requirements concerning the principal are not executed as requestedConstant	communication	with	command centre to have up-to-date informationSensitivity to the principal to note unspoken needsProper and timely communication with the principal.Provision of after-operation feedback is necessary so appropriate adjustments can be made if needed.CRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORSKEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORSGood understanding and display of etiquette and hospitalityGood attention to detail to make adjustments when necessaryConstant communication with command centre to have updated informationNo record of safety or etiquette breaches throughout the operationINPUTSOUTPUTResearch on Principals before eventProfiling of PrincipalSeamless coordination of the operations with command centreSummaryTCNP.01.08Principal Management (Delta Oscar)/The process details the responsibilities and expectations for Delta Oscars to ensure safe and pleasant stay of principals during operationsActivities/Responsibility  Task	ProcedureAssigned Protocol officer1.	Receipt of Principal1.1 The DO must receive the guest at the eagle square, nest or theatre (depending on pre-determined logistics), welcome and introduce themselves (see appendix below for briefing script)Assigned Protocol officer2.	Check In at NestDO must go with the NO to the cave and ensure principal is settled. Provide contact details to the Principal or their assistant so they can reach you.Confirm from the principal that their room is satisfactory and that they have all they need. If the guest requires any item not provided by the hotel, DO should make arrangements to have the item provided.Before leaving, DO must provide the principal with a travelitinerary for the next trip, including time of pickup, venue, estimated duration of the trip.Assigned Protocol officer3.	HotelPickup3.1 DO must arrive at least 1 hour to time of pick up at the nest. DO must ensure timely pick up of guest and must ride in the same cheetah as the principal. If more than 1 DO, the 2nd DO should ride in the advance cheetah and communicate with command centre and the DO1 for updates on the trip. The DO should be visible to theprincipal at all times, before and during the trip.Assigned Protocol officer4.	At the DenAt the Den, DO should receive food menu from hospitality and note the principals request (menu's will be provided for breakfast lunch and dinner). If WIFi is available, provide the principal with the password.DO should ensure packs with bottled water, sweets and face towel are taken into the auditoriumWhen notified, DO should 'MIC-up' the principal, ensure the batteries are working and that the mic is not on.Gifts for the principal should be kept by the DO or the principal's assistant till after their ministration and taken to the Nest.Information should be sought from command centre on procedures for exiting the theatre (eg. Whether to wait for an interview, leave immediately etc)A protocol officer must be stationed by the principal at all times.Assigned Protocol officer5.	Departureto Eagle SquareETD should be communicated to the principal 24 hours before. DO should arrive 1 hour ahead, while a NO will manage check outAt the eagle square, another briefing script can be used for good byes.Delta Oscar6.	During OperationsIf DO receives a monetary gift from the principal, the fund should be given to a member of the department finance team as soon as possible.Every DO is required to fill the feedback form on their operations and submit within 1 week of completion of theTCNP.01.08Principal Management (Delta Oscar)/Responsibility  Task	Procedureoperation.Appendix:TCNP.01.08	Principal Management (Delta Oscar)	DO FEEDBACK FORMTCNP Post Operation ReportDate:Name of OscarTeam MembersOperationOscar TypeOscar RoleNames of PrincipalsContacts of PrincipalExecutive Summary[Time allotted][Presenter]EvaluationRemarksGeneral Evaluation of your OperationWhat went wellWhat didn’t go as PlanWhat Required ImprovementFeedback on team MembersOthersFinance/Gifts(headings under here can include Cash gifts, expenses, budgets and other finance relatedGiftsKey RecommendationsWho?DeadlineAdditional Notes.TCNP.01.09Theatre Management (Victor Oscar)/ObjectiveTo outline the acceptable standards of operations which impact on event venue hereafter referred to as theater during operations.BenefitsKEY RISKSKEY CONTROLSPrincipals might be obstructed from accessing or exiting theater.Principal Seats maybe occupied by unwanted elements at arrivals.Mike Uniform, Tango Uniform and other external groups may not be aware of TCNP requirements and needs for invited principals.Inappropriateness of Theater facilities may disrupt operationsConstant communication with command & Control Center and Tango uniform regarding entry and exit plans for any operation.Victor Oscar to liaise with HOP and usher to reserve seats as appropriate.Team lead – Victor Oscar relates with other groups in consultation with Captain and HOP as per TCNP requirementsVictor Oscar to ensure checklist is adhered to at all times and rechecked at least 4times during operationsCRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORSKEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORSGood understanding of Victor Oscar requirementsGood interaction with internal and external parties like mike uniform, tango uniform etc.Good communicationSeamless entry and exit of theater during operationsSeamless use of theater and facilities by principals.INPUTSOUTPUTSchedule of eventWireless microphonesHitch-free serviceTCNP.01.09	Theatre Management (Victor Oscar)	SummaryThe process details the responsibilities and expectations for Victor Oscars to ensure safe and seamless arrival and departure and use of theater and facilities by principal.TCNP.01.09	Theatre Management (Victor Oscar)	ResponsibleTaskProcedureVictor OscarProviding Unhindered Access to and out of TheaterVO contacts and works with Tango uniform to halt all incoming or outgoing cheetahs other than principal convoy to allow unhindered access in and out of theatre.VO also provides precise and concise details of cheetahs and ETA to theater entrance to assist tango uniform in managing traffic for the purpose of principal entry or exit theater.VO & all OscarsWelcoming of PrincipalVictor Oscar and Team mobilizes all Oscars not assigned toprincipals or not engaged with specific assignments at the time of arrival of any principal to be welcomed at the Den.Where Bouquets are to be presented, Victor Oscar to liaise with HOP or captain and liaise with person in charge to beon ground for bouquets presentation to principal. VO also ensure thatVO and team shall ensure photographer is available where necessaryVO shall ensure Prof or Duchess is available to welcome principal where necessary. This shall be in consultation with captain.HOPAvailability of BouquetsHOP/Captain to notify Victor Oscar if there will be Bouquets presentation and contact school/Prof/Duchess/person in charge.HOP to relate as appropriate information concerning Bouquets to Victor OscarVictor OscarAppropriateness of Den and it’s facilitates.Victor Oscar to Run checklist on all Den facilities as appropriate before and during each day operation.Victor Oscar liaise with 3rd party Cleaning services/School for cleaning and toiletries stock replenishment as appropriate.Victor OscarSeat ReservationVictor Oscar to receive seating arrangement for principals from Captain/HOPVictor Oscar to liaise with usher to reserve or block required seatsVictor Oscar to ensure blocked or reserved seats remains vacant except changed by Prof. or Captain/VC/HOP.Victor Oscar to ensure Seat reservation is made for entire TCNP Oscars during operationsCaptain/VCLiaising with Prof for Seating arrangement for PrincipalWhere necessary Captain or Vice-captain shall receive seating arrangements from Prof. and notify Victor Oscar for implementation.Captain/VOPapas SecurityConfirm and implement security protocol and arrangement made for principal in theater.TCNP.01.09	Theatre Management (Victor Oscar)	Victor OscarLiaising with theater facility managerLiaise with theater facility manager to ensure allrequirements that affects the principal stay and use of theater is met and in place.Shall ensure den and theater at large is safe for use by principal and Oscars at all time.Victor OscarContingency arrangementsVictor Oscar shall make contingency arrangements, planned or not planned for special requirements at mount Sinai, denor theatre at large as pertaining to principal.Victor OscarParking lot availabilityVictor Oscar shall liaise with tango uniform for reservation of cheetah park for both principal and all TCNP Oscarsduring operations at theater.TCNP.01.10Equipment & Tools Management (Echo Oscar)/ObjectiveTo outline the acceptable standards of operations which impact on event venue hereafter referred to as theater during operations.KEY RISKSKEY CONTROLSPrincipals may be hindered from effective communicationOscar tools and equipment may be down or not available when needed.Mike Uniform, and other external groups may not be aware of TCNP requirements and needs for invited principals.Checklist provided for use before and during each operation.Echo Oscar to liaise with mike uniform and HOP/VC as per equipment availability and distribution to principalTeam lead – Echo Oscar relates with other groups in consultation with Captain and HOP as per TCNP requirementsCRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORSKEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORSGood	understanding	of	Echo	Oscar requirementsGood interaction with internal and external parties like mike uniform etc.Good communicationSeamless communication by principalSeamless use of all required tools and equipment for operations.INPUTSOUTPUTSchedule of eventWireless microphonesHitch-free serviceTCNP.01.10Equipment & Tools Management (Echo Oscar)/SummaryThe process details the responsibilities and expectations for Echo Oscars to ensure optimal and seamless communication, functioning and performance by both principal and Oscar.Responsibility  Task	ProcedureEcho Oscar	1.	Obtain MicrophonesLiaise with Mike Uniform to ascertain availability of fully functional Microphones for use.Receive confirmation of the total number of Microphones available and label them appropriatelyDelta Oscar	2.	Setup Principal MicrophoneEcho Oscar	3.	Provide toolsfor operations at TheatreRecieve confirmation of designated mic for principalMic/ Un-mic the principal in the Den before and after delivery of packageNote: Principals must always be evacuated to the den for mic setupProvide relevant equipments for operations i.e. Torchlights, UmbrellasEnsure all cheetahs are fitted with portable torchlights for emergency lighting during night transitEnsure Umbrellas are strategically placed around the Den to ease operations on rainy daysEnsure availability of fully functional radios for operationsEnsure functional WIFI device in Den & Cheetah with data and fully chargedProvide temporary communication devices (e.g. personal communicators, sim cards, handset or mobile for principals to Delta Oscars)CHECKLIST FOR ECHO OSCARCheck Mic are available with full battery power at DenCheck DO to ensure right mic has been used on papaCheck with Mike uniform to ensure mic signal is seen and is ready to goCheck backup hand held mic availabilityCheck Umbrellas are available at DenCheck umbrellas are available in all CheetahCheck Torch are available at Den, Cheetah and with Dos for night operationsCheck temporary communication devices for papa are working and available in Den and Cheetah.Check Internet Data WIFI are loaded, working and fully charged at Den and Cheetah at all timesTCNP.01.11Coordinate Operations (Command Centre)/ObjectiveTo ensure the timely, accurate and seamless transmission of information during operationsBenefitsKEY RISKSKEY CONTROLSDOs may be stranded due to inaccurate/ distorted informationRelevant support units (Mike Uniform, Traffic Uniform etc.) may not have details of Tango arrivalsRecords of debrief/ operations report may not be correctly collatedCaptain/ HOP ensures timely information is available to command centerCaptain/ HOP ensures contact details of principal officers from relevant support units are available to command centerCaptain ensures reports from all Tangos are made available to command center 48hrs after operationsCRITICAL SUCCESS FACTORSKEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORSGood understanding of operationsTimely communication of plans from SchoolAvailability of encrypted communication applicationsAvailability of digital storage devicesGood rapport with relevant stakeholdersOpen communication channel with Prof, School and all OscarsTimely dissemination of informationTimely compilation of operations debriefINPUTSOUTPUTSchedules/ time tables from SchoolDebrief from all OscarsEncoded communicationDigital repository of operations debriefingTCNP.01.11Coordinate Operations (Command Centre)/SummaryThe process details the responsibilities and expectations for command center to ensure centralized collation, coordinate, analysis and dissemination of information regarding TCNP operations for excellent delivery.ACTIVITIESResponsibilityTaskStepTeam Lead – Command CenterTeam Lead – Command CenterTeam Lead – Command CenterDraw up Operations PlanCoordinate OperationStore Operations ReportReceive notification of scheduled operation from CaptainReview designated operation to identify operational needsi.e. personnel, cheetah, nests etc.Discuss operations requirement with captain/ exco for adoption and deploymentNotify identified assets on the schedule of the operationCreate secured communication platform “chat group” for the operationsDuring OperationsObtain contact of key officers in all support units (Mike Uniform, Traffic Uniform, Ushering, Sound, W2M, etc.Relay relevant information to designated officers via the secured chat platform during operationsCoordinate daily debrief to identify learning points and areas for improvementAfter OperationsEngage Oscar team leads/ Delta Oscars for debrief/ report on activities during operationCollate report into a consolidated report for the designated operationsForward consolidated operations report to Captain for reviewReceive feedback from captain on operation reportForward learning points to Oscar team leads for implementationArchive report for future referenceTCNP.01.12Welfare/ObjectiveTo ensure the needs of officers are catered for during operations and promote team bonding/ relationship buildingBenefitsPromote team bonding/ relationship buildingEffective management/ storage of officer dataProcess OwnershipTeam Lead – WelfareACTIVITIESResponsibility	Task	StepTeam Lead – WelfareTeam Lead – WelfareTeam Lead – WelfareMaintain database of Officers dataOrganize Weekly prayersOrganize visits (Baby boom, Weddings, bereavement)Collate information of all officers;NamesAddressBirthdaysPhone NumbersEmailStore data in digital storage filesWeekly PrayersDraw up weekly prayer schedule for officersEvery Monday, notify all members of the prayer focus for the weekEvery Saturday, moderate the prayer watch for the weekNote: Prayer watches are organized at the instance of the Captain & before operationsReceive notification of Child delivery & other activitiesNotify all team members via closed communication platformSchedule visit and notify all membersForward unit gift/token to the affected officerTCNP.01.13	Miscellaneous and Contingency	MiscellaneousTraining Program and Procedures simulations are to be conducted once every quarter to ensure all POs are abreast of proceduresCOVENANT NATION PROTOCOLTCNP.01.14	TCN Vision and Fundamentals of Christianity	TCN VisionTo teach Christians who they are in Christ Jesus, and how to live a victorious life/Standard Operating Procedures Manual	Page 42 of 42
